Hi Semi. Um, so, I just finished making a comparison between the new dashboard and the old dashboard. I made use of News' affiliate profile. I was basically comparing the way the stats are being displayed on the new dashboard compared to the way they are being displayed on the old dashboard, and I noticed like a few inconsistencies, a few major differences that actually changes the, it changes the way we intend the affiliates' portal to display information to begin with. So, let me first of all begin by explaining how things worked on the previous on the old dashboard, then I'll go over the difference with the old compared to the new.

So, if you check, I'll provide a login obviously so you can also check this directly if you don't already have it, that is. But if you check the statistics being displayed from the past 30 days on his affiliate profile, that is on the old dashboard, you have one referral made the past 30 days, you have 370 visits, and you have a conversion rate of 0.27%, right? And if you go to the all-time section, you have 96 all-time referrals, visits 45,131 visits, 0.21% all-time conversion rate, 92 unpaid referrals, four paid referrals, unpaid earnings is $507.2, and total earning made so far is $19.16. So, the way this works is the way the old dashboard worked was any single time a trader uses the link to complete a valid purchase, it's going to be marked as unpaid on the trader on the affiliates' dashboard, every single time. If a trader successfully uses an affiliate link to purchase an account, it's automatically going to reflect on it's going to reflect on their affiliate dashboard and it'll be marked as unpaid.

Now, any referral marked as unpaid automatically counts towards their total referral, all-time and last 30 days alike. It will count towards their all-time referrals once it's marked as unpaid. The exact same thing as if we make the payment and mark the referral as paid. I mean, of course, the all-time referral amount won't change because the unpaid referral is actually what directly affects the all-time referral. Once we pay, it doesn't necessarily change the total number of referrals because we're still just paying from a list of unpaid referrals. So, unpaid referrals equals all-time referrals. Unpaid plus paid equals all-time referrals. But only unpaid referrals are accounted towards all-time referrals as they're coming in. What I'm trying to say is if an if a trader were to use an affiliate link to purchase an account or attempts to purchase an account, but they didn't go through with the purchase and for some reason they abandoned the dashboard completely, it the the referral will be marked as pending on the affiliate dashboard. Once it's marked as pending, it simply means the purchase was abandoned at some point in time. An example of that would be when a trader tries to pay via crypto and once the invoice was generated by Confirmo, they completely abandoned the page. Now that will be marked as pending on the affiliate dashboard. That pending now is never actually counted towards their all-time referral, and it's never counted towards their unpaid referrals because it's not a valid purchase, you know, it was abandoned at some point in time. Now, this was how the old dashboard functioned, you know, very, very, very straightforward.

Now, the new dashboard also, like I'm sure you made it to like implement the exact same style, although I see that you added, you added like a few sections that weren't in the old, but that's actually a good addition. But now, the way the new dashboard is calculating all-time referrals differs from the old, in the sense that it's now factoring in all those referrals that actually end up as pending, you know, all those orders that never actually went through to begin with, all the orders that were abandoned. It's now counting them towards the all-time referral counter, it's counting them towards the unpaid referrals counter, it's counting them towards the referrals on the last 30 days, it's counting them towards the referrals from, how do you say? Yeah, that's that's actually about it. So, the thing now is, if you take the last 30 days stats on the new dashboard and compare it to the old, the conversion rate is doubled because, you know, referral is doubled now. The last 30 days of his affiliate, of this affiliate, actually has one unpaid referral and one pending referral. It's the exact same thing on the old dashboard as well. However, the old dashboard only shows one referral for the last 30 days because it only counts the unpaid referral. However, the new dashboard counts both unpaid and pending. So, the last 30 days actually inaccurately displays two referrals when in actuality it's one. One unpaid referral, the last one is pending, meaning it was abandoned at some point in time, the purchase never actually went through. The visit is accurate. Yeah, the visit is accurate on both the old and the new dashboard. The all-time visit however really isn't, and I want to assume it's because the timeframe the old dashboard is looking at is slightly wider than the one you've set for the new dashboard, because the visits for all-time on the new dashboard is 44,900 visits. Meanwhile, for the old dashboard, it's 45,131 visits. But this is completely minor. This is very, very irrelevant because I checked the, I checked where the recent visits are coming from, and they correlate, new and old absolutely correlate in that regard, so that's not really a big deal.

The major difference now between the way the new dashboard is set up and the way the old dashboard is set up is that the new dashboard is 100% factoring in pending referrals, and counting those as unpaid referrals. Meanwhile, it shouldn't be. I don't know how you can resolve this. Perhaps you can get rid of pending referrals from even showing up on the affiliate portal to begin with. I don't think pending referral is really, is really, I don't think it contributes to anything important on the affiliate area. It doesn't really add any context. They don't really need to see it for any reason. I mean, ideally they should only see referrals that went through, referrals from purchases that went through. So, the only information we actually need from their dashboard is paid and unpaid referrals. That's it. We don't really need pending referrals to show up. And if pending referrals will have to be there, then we have to make sure that it's actually not counting towards any of their stats because this can cause major confusions, it can cause like major confusions in the way the affiliate reads the information on their dashboard. So, right now, all-time referral shows as 190 on the new dashboard compared to 96 on the old dashboard, because again, pending orders are being factored in. And that of course affects conversion rate. The conversion rate isn't accurate, isn't accurate with the old dashboard. When, okay, paid referral is accurate because, I mean, that section is very, very, very direct. Unpaid referrals on the new dashboard shows as 186. On the old dashboard, it shows as 92. And it shows as 92 on the old dashboard because again, they are not factoring in pending orders. On the new dashboard, pending orders are being factored into unpaid referrals. So, I did I I actually went I did a full count on the referrals section, which is by the way not really very convenient on the new dashboard because there's no way to filter and there's no way to kind of make more entries and rows appear on each page. So, I kind of had to count one by one. And I found that the pending orders was 94. This affiliate has 94 pending orders, which is accurate. And they have 92 unpaid, I said orders, pending referrals. They have 94 pending referrals, and they have 92 unpaid referrals, which is why the which which brings about the total of 190 on the new dashboard. However, on the old dashboard, just the 92 unpaid referrals are, 92 unpaid referrals are appearing on the main page and four paid referrals, which brings a total of 96 all-time referrals. On the new dashboard, it's 186 unpaid referrals and four paid referrals, which brings a total of 190 referrals. We do not want the pending referrals to appear here because it will cause a lot of confusion with the affiliates. Unpaid and total earning shown on the new dashboard is actually the same, it's actually the same with the old dashboard, which even further like complicate things. Because imagine if an affiliate is checking the unpaid referrals and they're seeing 186, and they're seeing that the unpaid earning is just $507. I mean, they'll rightly assume that with 186 unpaid referrals they should have way more in unpaid earnings. So, this kind of a confusion is the kind of a confusion I'm trying to, you know, avoid. So 186 unpaid referrals here would mean a whole lot of a whole lot of emails and live chat tickets. So, let's get rid of the pending. We don't want pending to appear on their dashboard at all. If they go to their through the referral section of their affiliate portal, then sure, if it's necessary or if it's too, if it's impossible to remove them, then I guess we can have the pending order show up there. But on the main page that shows their statistics, you know, the thing they will actually base their affiliate payout request on, then we can't have pending referral showing up. Pending referral needs to leave all together. The only thing that should be showing on the main page should be the all-time referral, which is excluding pending referrals. It should be paid referrals and unpaid referrals. Unpaid referrals should exclude pending referrals. So, if unpaid excludes pending referrals, then unpaid plus paid would automatically give you the correct all-time referral.

Okay, what else did I want to point out? One sec. Okay, so I see you added a new section on the new dashboard: unpaid earnings for the past 30 days. And you also added a section in the all-time section: lifetime customers. This is kind of, I'm a bit confused about. Like, can you clarify how how the lifetime customer section works? Like, is there maybe like a timeframe? Because I'm aware that on the old, on the old dashboard, there was like a 30-day cache where if a trader uses your link to purchase an account, then any purchase they make for the next 30 days would all count towards your affiliate. However, after the 30 days exceeds, then they'll need to click on your link again for you to start receiving referrals from their purchases, right? So, lifetime customers here, I need to understand, like, is it following that same logic or does it mean once a once a once a trader purchases an account using an affiliate link, then it's permanently all purchases are permanently going to count towards you, like all purchases from the customer automatically count towards you for life? Like, is there any, is there like any timeframe where the trader kind of needs to click on your link again to refresh the whole thing or is it like a permanent arrangement? So, can you clarify that particular point as well? Then, yeah, just let me know. Because if it is, then we kind of need to understand how the lifetime customer section works. So, yeah, I know the voice note was like really, really, really long. I don't know if you're awake at the moment or asleep, so I don't really want to ask for for us to jump on a call. But after you listen to the VN whenever that is, if you still need like clarifications or you don't quite understand what I've said, then we can like jump on a call and I'll share my screen and visualize the thing I mean, things I've observed. Yeah, I think that's about it. Just let me know if I got anything wrong or if there's something else I'm missing. Thanks.